feat(verifier): add signature-verifier (#26)
ar-io/wayfinder: packages/core/README.md

});
```

### SignatureVerificationStrategy

> Verifies the signature of an Arweave transaction or data item using offsets provided by trusted gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies signatures of Arweave transactions and data items. Headers are retrieved from trusted gateways for use during verification. For a transaction, its data root is computed while streaming its data and then utilized alongside its headers for verification. For data items, the ANS-104 deep hash method of signature verification is used.
```

Author: [77e1bda](https://github.com/ar-io/wayfinder/pull/26/commits/77e1bda099d505830eb1f69f41e9b563519121ab)
